Title: Beat
Date: 2008-04-20 21:36:33
Tags: farm, oxen, Sunday, yaks

It's nine o'clock on a Sunday night, and I'm already considering
going to bed. This is sad not only because it's so early, but also
because I did relatively little today. Morning and evening chores,
and that's about it. I suppose I also rode my bike into town for
the first time, but that's not *work* really.

It was, sadly enough, a challenge though. Two and a half miles to
Ashfield proper, quite a bit of that is hill, and I am definitely
out of shape. I'm thinking it will become a good Sunday routine:
write letters all morning, ride to town and mail them, pick up some
[beer][Berkshire Brewing Company], eat a slice of pizza, zip down the other side of the hill
at dangerous speeds. By the end of the summer perhaps I'll be used
to living in an area with actual elevation changes!

![Spring Training]({filename}/images/2419279690.jpg)

Speaking of out of shape... last week we put the boys to work for
the first time this spring. By "we" I mean "Derek", because there's
no way I'll be driving the team anytime soon, if ever. They were
especially spunky this first time out, and there was lots of
yelling and wrassling and I almost had to make a call to see if my
car insurance covers oxen damage. Luckily they stopped inches short
of my bumper, but you quickly realize that if they don't want to do
something, such as stop or go or turn or not gore you, there's
really not much you can do about it. But they eventually got down
to it and dragged an old tractor tire around, filled with rocks.
They got tired pretty quick, but they'll be whipped into shape soon
enough.

We also walked the yaks last week. That was quite the hoot. It's
almost a good thing they're so skittish and want to run away from
you, because I wouldn't want them running at me. Walking the yaks
is much like walking a dog, only bigger and with horns. Once you
manage to grab one in its pen, you just clip on a leash and hold on
tight. They were pretty spunky too, as it was also their first time
out after the long winter. After a little while they settled down
and would walk by your side and heel pretty well without pulling at
the leash. I wish I had photos of that, but alas, I don't have a
personal photographer around to take flattering pictures of me in
my new habitat.


[Berkshire Brewing Company]: http://www.berkshirebrewingcompany.com/

