Title: Five Layer
Date: 2008-04-28 22:04:46
Tags: farm, rain

Today was a five layer day. Shirt, thermal, hoodie, jacket, rain
coat. It has turned back into spring here, after a few weeks of
too-soon summertime. Forties and rain all day long, which will be
good for whatever we've gotten in the ground so far (carrots,
beets, spinach, spicy mesclun mix, other things I've forgotten) and
especially for the pasture, which I'm excited to see green up and
get lush and yummy looking (for a ruminant anyways). I envision it
sucking up all this rain and preparing to burst forth at the
slightest hint of sunshine.

Pasture means we don't have to feed hay twice a day, making chores
slightly quicker. For the past few weeks, chores have basically
involved bringing hay to all the animals (goats, yaks, oxen, sheep)
and making sure they have sufficient water. This happens around
seven in the morning and five in the evening. I've been getting the
hang of milking the goats as well, so I'm sure us interns will add
that to our routine pretty soon. It's still new enough to be a fun
task, but already the cleanup portion of milking is a chore.

I've been lax in my photo-taking lately, thus this boring and
unadorned post. I hope to rectify this soon with some panoramic
shots I'm fiddling with. Some other day though, as it is now well
past my farmer bedtime. The rain just picked up a bit, and that is
my cue to fall asleep while listening to the gutters gurgle.

