Title: Gone Farmin'
Date: 2008-04-01 07:56:19
Tags: Chickadee, farm, hello, introduction, photo, travel

As most of you know, I have left the lovely village of Rochester
for a few months, in order to more fully scratch an itch I've been
having regarding food and agriculture and ecology and so on. I'll
be working on a wee family farm in Ashfield, Massachusetts until
mid-October. I am fully prepared for this to be a slightly
different work experience than my previous job as a chair-sloucher
and mouse-pusher, and am looking forward to that. I hope to
experience 110% more sunshine, 80% more animal dander, and 1254%
more plant matter than in previous years.

In order to more gently ease into the great outdoors, I went to
Mendon Ponds park on Sunday with some of my most special Rochester
friends. We experienced "nature" by walking through its
well-groomed paths and feeding the ferociously wild Chickadees out
of our bare hands. No doubt these skills will come in handy when
dealing with the various domesticated fowl on the farm.

![Avian Adventure]({filename}/images/2375384241.jpg)

![Avian Adventure]({filename}/images/2376226798.jpg)

I'm currently at my parent's house in Floyd, eating some niblets in
preparation for more travel. I've got about three hours of driving
left, hopefully with a stop in the middle to check out Troy and its
curious inhabitants. I'm not sure what to expect upon arrival
at [Sangha Farm][] this afternoon. I visited them of course, and it
seemed really great. I'm just bracing for it to be a big change of
pace in so many ways. But, I'm excited and ready to get down to it.
Keep an eye out for a plentitude of photos and more blathering...
soon!


[Sangha Farm]: http://sanghafarm.com/ "The Sangha Farm Website"

