Title: Moving In
Date: 2008-04-13 11:51:28
Tags: barn, farm, greenhouse, photo

![Moved In]({filename}/images/2409113908.jpg)

I moved into the barn yesterday, despite nighttime temperatures
that are still dipping into the mid thirties. I couldn't resist the
draw of having my own space, and of not sleeping on the living room
couch with the family hound dog every night. It is currently forty
degrees out though, and I'm huddled up in my tent writing this. The
tent smells like camping should smell, and for now it's a pretty
novel experience and fun to sleep in. I'm sure that will wear off.
I was plenty warm last night though, and the animals in the barn
quiet down at night, although right now they're making quite the
racket. I'm so tired once it gets dark that I don't think I'd
notice either way. It's amazing how natural it is to sync up with
the daylight hours when you remove most of the artificial lighting
and electronic stimulants in your life.

The past week has seen a variety of activities. A lot more planting
in the greenhouse. All the beds up both sides are planted with
spinach and salad mixes. The center is now packed with tables full
of seedlings, with more on the way as soon as we scrounge up more
table space (read: doors on sawhorses). Apparently we'll be doing
weekly-or-so succession plantings of greens and such, so I'm really
interested in seeing how that is planned out and planted in order
to keep our CSA members' bags full every week. The garden at home
has lacked such a plan in the past, unfortunately.

![Loft View]({filename}/images/2409319424.jpg)

We also cut down some dead ash trees for greenhouse fuel. We go
through quite a bit of wood at night, especially since the
greenhouse doesn't have its second insulating plastic layer
installed. I ran a chainsaw for the first time, not cutting down
the trees but chopping the eight foot sections down into
stove-sized pieces. And then it was chopping time of course. It had
been a while, but the ash split really easily and we quickly had
enough chopped to last us a few days.

Last weekend I didn't know what to do with the slow days, so I
ended up puttering in the greenhouse. I'm glad I did, because I got
the beds fluffed up and dried out so we could plant earlier... but
this weekend I'm definitely more comfortable with just taking a
break. I'm looking forward to warm days off when I can go explore
the area on my bike. I hear there are waterfalls and wading pools
nearby!

