---
title: Rainy Days
date: 2008-05-07 22:15:21
slug: rainy-days
tags:
  - farm
  - Guinea
  - Fowl
  - oxen
---

![Farm Invasion](2460798294.jpg)

I seem to keep getting yelled at for my blog inaction. I guess my
five readers are desperate for farm-based updates. This past
weekend was a rainy and semi-lazy one. It actually started on
Thursday with a rainy and cold day, which kept us inside for most
everything but the chores. It felt like a weird day of waiting to
work but not doing anything, and I got a little screwed up. It
really wasn't a day off in my brain, but I tried to make that
mental transition, knowing that we'd have to make up time on
Saturday or Sunday.

![Farm Invasion](2460803400.jpg)

Friday was equally cold and rainy. We had a mob of children come
visit the farm, which was... entertaining. I took some photos and
then ran and hid in the barn. They appeared to enjoy seeing all of
the animals and petting lambs and whatnot. If I recall my
field-trip days though, they were probably just happy to be
outside, roughhousing and doing nothing constructive.

Saturday and Sunday continued the trend of cold and rain. We moved
animals on Sunday, just so we could say we got some durn work done
for once. Oh, and also because the oxen kept getting out of their
fence, due to the fact that they had eaten up all their pasture,
and oh look, there's green grass right over there!

Oh! So that's a good story, I suppose. One of the goats was due to
kid on Friday. So after the kids (human) all left and Derek and
Maribeth left the farm to go do something, I go outside to check on
the goat and make sure there's no signs of labor yet. But there was
a rather prominent sign, that being a baby goat on the ground,
covered in goo. Yikes! So I ran inside to tell Adam (the other
intern) and we went out and started pretending to know what we were
doing. Meanwhile Gregory from up the hill pulls into the driveway,
honking and carrying on. This is when we were notified that the
oxen were out and heading towards the garden. (!)

So somehow it was decided that Adam would take care of the
midwifery and I would go pretend to be a teamster and get the oxen
back where they belong. I ran and got their leads and lickin' stick
and set off hoping for the best. I guess it'd be a better story if
there was any difficulty, but it was really absurdly easy. I'm not
sure if they're like dogs, in that you have to sound dominant or
wrassle them and win before they listen to you... but once I got
their leads on (which is really the hardest part, but a bowl of
grain helps keep them from running away) they seemed to accept fate
and do as they were told. Luckily, I had just worked out a mnemonic
to remember the commands... gee, haw, hip, woah are the basics. Gee
means go right, and I remember that because it sounds like "get" in
the redneck accent used to yell at Rachel's dogs, and since you
lead from the left it works out, spatially speaking. Haw is for
going left, and it reminds me of southpaw, so that's pretty easy.
Hip is the opposite of woah, and if you don't know woah then you've
never had your mom pour milk for you.

![Guinea Egg Study](2459972383.jpg)

![Guinea Egg Study](2459974583.jpg)

Also, I found a Guinea egg over the weekend.
[Guinea Fowl](http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Guineafowl) are
terrible poultry-like-objects that I've probably complained about
before. They make lots of noise and seem even dumber than chickens.
They hang out in the yak pen alot, and indeed that is where I found
the farm's first Guinea Fowl egg. It's a bit squatter and smaller
than your normal chicken egg, with a rougher shell. I failed to
photograph it whilst frying, but it had a larger yolk than one
would expect, with very little white. The yolk was very orange,
almost reddish inside, no doubt from all the god-knows-what they're
eating out on the farm every day.

It tasted like any ol' egg. I found two more yesterday, and ate
those too.
