---
title: Status Report
date: 2008-07-06 22:01:58
tags: farm, permaculture, photo
---

![Misty Night](/2643895200.jpg)

I suppose a little bit has happened since our last chat. There have
been a lot of harvests, a lot of markets, and a lot of weeding.
Blech. We've finally moved on from just greens, with some beets and
carrots and squash now showing up on our market tables. That feels
nice. I'm not sick of salads, but will enjoy the added variety
nonetheless.

We've also blown through all of our garlic scapes in the past few
weeks. What a lovely product. Waste product is more like it, as we
would cut them off even if nobody were willing to buy them. But
people do, and as they should because it's quite the nice delicate
garlic taste right when everybody's garlic braids are running out
from the previous season. Soon we will start harvesting fresh
garlic for the CSA, and then I'll get to see how we harvest and dry
the rest, and perhaps even try my hand at making some braids.

I had visitors, many weeks ago. My parents came out for a few days
in their Vanagon... and they dragged Rachel along for the ride. In
fact, they will be doing the very same thing next weekend on their
way to Vermont for some crazy Volkswagen meet-up they seem to be
attending yearly.

![Grain Mill](/2586001266.jpg)

![Stout Fermentation](/2585207649.jpg)

![Bottling](/2586089082.jpg)

We went on a tour of the [Berkshire Brewing Company][] while they
were in town. It was quite the nice tour, with an ample amount of
free tastings and an entertaining tour guide... rather in depth and
fun.

I think the folks had a good time here at the farm. They brought
plenty of beer and crackers and cheese and Rachel and I helped them
consume it whilst playing Pitch around the wee table in their
camper. Mom hopefully got enough pampering in, bringing fixings for
dinner and breakfast and also some cookies and the like.

![Experimental Casks](/2587848450.jpg)

![Tasting Room](/2585959648.jpg)

We also went out to a flea market, which was not quite a bust, but
close. We showed up late due to poor directions, and it was a
semi-cloudy-rainy day anyways, so people were packing up and
heading home. I got a good camera tripod though, so that's good.
And afterwards there happened to be a good brewpub on the way home,
so we stopped there for a late lunch. You can perhaps see a theme
developing here.

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2643073087.jpg)

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2643101969.jpg)

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2643965964.jpg)

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2643951042.jpg)

This past weekend I went to the Northeastern Permaculture
Convergence in Holyoke. I haven't got the brain capacity right now
to explain what permaculture is... perhaps someday. But it's
somewhat involved in designing agricultural systems, if you will.
Anyways, it was an interesting weekend, and I'm still processing
things in my head. I met Dave from Rochester there, who has
[a blog][Greener Minds] I've been reading for a while now. So that made it
pretty worthwhile. We didn't talk a ton, but he seemed great and
will no doubt be a valuable resource upon my return. He has some
connections within organizations I'm interested in, and also is
tinkering with his own permaculture garden/yard which I hope to
view someday.

I guess there were around 100 other people at the convergence. I
didn't talk to many of them. I'm antisocial, and suck at events
such as this. But I did meet a lot of nice folks, and picked a few
brains. Mainly I enjoyed touring some farms, gardens, and
nurseries. Of course I didn't write down the scores of cool plants
I saw, but I feel like I'm not at that stage yet, and have the
names of some books to obtain that should point out the highlights
at least.

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2643162131.jpg)

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2644004548.jpg)

![Northeastern Permaculture Convergence, Summer 2008](/2643180909.jpg)

So, it feels good to be back at the farm. Things were a little
weird when I got back, with the oxen getting out of their pasture
once again, apparently a problem all weekend. That's pretty
frustrating. And there are many animals that need moving in the
morning, which I don't entirely look forward to. But. Being away
made me appreciate many more things about this place, so I shall
not complain.

[Berkshire Brewing Company]: http://www.berkshirebrewingcompany.com/
[Greener Minds]: http://www.greenerminds.com/
