---
title: Visitor From Another World
date: 2008-05-21 22:03:28
tags: farm, llama, photo
---

Ack! It's already Wednesday night and I haven't written about last
week or this past weekend even! Even now, at nine o'clock, I feel
bad because my typing is probably keeping Adam up, and really I
would enjoy sleeping very much. We've shifted our schedule around,
so now I'm getting up at five thirty, eating breakfast and
attempting to slowly start the day, and then out and working by
seven. I guess that's not crazy early. It feels it though,
especially when you have to milk in the evening and aren't really
done working until eight thirty. I've taken to making lunch a quick
sandwich, so that I can sneak off and catch a little nap before we
get back to work.

We've been planting like mad for the past week, and all of this
week. Onions onions onions leeks cabbage cabbage cabbage broccoli
and other stuff I readily forget. We had a little frost scare a few
nights ago, but it never materialized. The only vulnerable thing in
the fields was the zucchini, so those got covered up for the
night.

Most of the things we're planting were started in the greenhouse
last month. Radishes, beets, carrots, lettuce mixes, and a few
other things are all that have been directly sown. The seeder is a
mildly amusing little device that is filled with seed and run down
the beds as its wheels churn and it digs a trench, meters out seed,
fills the trench, and tamps it down. All of the rows I've done are
far from straight. Nobody else does much better, actually. The only
reason it matters is that it stinks when a hoe wont fit between the
two rows due to somebody's sloppy driving.

![Visitor from Planet Rochester](/2512786212.jpg)

I had a visitor last weekend. Rachel came out from Rochester
Thursday night via train. It was a rather nice visit, which we
started out by hand-weeding a bed of mesclun mix. That took most of
Friday actually. I milked Friday morning, just so my personal
photographer could record the event and prove that I'm on a farm
and learning things.

![Milking Bennie](/2511952085.jpg)

![Milking Bennie](/2511954619.jpg)

We're finally settling into a semi-routine as far as moving all of
the animals is concerned. We moved the chicken coop a few days ago,
and for two or three days the hens weren't really able to find
their way back at night. So that was a chore... waiting until they
were sleeping on a fence somewhere before grabbing them and putting
them into the coop. That has finally stopped. The girl goats are
being moved to new pasture every day... boy goats every few days.
The sheep are finally out for almost a week at a time. The oxen are
chewing on possibly five days of pasture per move, but are still
being punks and getting out of their fence too often. Time to up
the voltage.

![Crazyface](/2511955541.jpg)

Oh! I almost forgot... we got llamas last Sunday! Llamas have a
funny looking name, and are funny looking creatures. Everything
about them is weird and they scare me and they smell and I really
really dislike them. Llamas sure do spit when agitated. And perhaps
you think "Gee Brian. Getting spit on isn't too terrible, is
it?"... and I say yes. Yes it is, because this is llama spit and
LLAMAS DON'T BRUSH THEIR TEETH, OK? It is a foul substance that you
could only simulate by fermenting the essence of dog breath with a
touch of vomit and moldy sock.

I'd have photos here of said llamas, but I really don't feel like
getting my camera all smelled up. Maybe I'll risk it soon, just so
you can see the freak show yourselves. Until then... I require
slumber.
